README.md, before:

# Recipe Swap - warlike-current-5989

Recipe Swap is a community-based recipe sharing platform that allows users to share, discover, and discuss various recipes. Whether you're a cooking enthusiast or just looking for new culinary ideas, Recipe Swap provides a platform to connect and exchange recipes with others.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#Tech-stack)
- [Project Links](#Project-links)
- [Screenshot](#Screenshot)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Project Memebers](#Project-team)



## Features

- User Authentication with Forgot Password.
- Users can post, add, update, and delete their recipes.
- Users can comment on recipe posts, fostering a sense of community and sharing.
- Users can easily search for recipes based on their preferences.
- User can also able update the avatar.
- Admin has access to data visualization in chart format for insights.
- Admin can manage users and recipes, including adding, updating, and deleting data.

## Tech Stack

- Front-end:
  - Chakra UI for a visually appealing and responsive user interface.
  - React.js for building dynamic and interactive components.
- Back-end:
  - MongoDB for storing recipe and user data.
  - Express.js for handling server-side logic.
  - Node.js for server-side scripting and runtime environment.

## Project Links

# Front-end:

- **User Side:** [https://recipeswap.netlify.app](https://recipeswap.netlify.app/)
- **Admin Side:** [https://recipeswap.netlify.app/admin](https://recipeswap.netlify.app/admin)
- **Admin Login:** Email: admin@admin.com | Password: admin

# Back-end:

- **Server:** [https://recipeswap.onrender.com](https://recipeswap.onrender.com/)

## Screenshot
### User Side:
![1](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/2b7f5a2c-18ed-4d0b-8e7d-281c8e99fb46)

![2](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/36e41b57-0ed6-4e18-8de8-fddec9f14cdb)

![3](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/0e67dab5-8848-4f78-9aba-e429908d4076)

![4](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/d58f7302-122d-4afb-9fae-f7798ef09b83)

![5](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/f90b7a9e-ab1a-49ee-bef8-f3a3752c4592)

![6](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/e2d6ba64-cc88-4f80-83cf-da01b6ff32fd)

![7](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/a3ddca74-8886-499b-a45d-b62a2d7190af)



### Admin Side:
![1](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/e2d7e2a1-112e-47e1-9542-846eedeb3e66)

![2](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/c738bfd6-0e2a-4255-b60b-d98aa6b4f453)

![3](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/99487bb6-2b76-4843-a008-d5ad083e69e4)

![4](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/a394055c-830b-485d-b0b9-b6ba8e702e44)




## Installation
To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989.git
```

```bash
cd warlike-current-5989/Frontend
```

run command in terminal
```
npm install
```

run project
```
npm start
```


## Project Team

- [Manikant Kumar](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004)
- [Mohammad Hasim Shaikh](https://github.com/Hasims2001)
- [Devesh Suryanwanshi](https://github.com/DeveshSuryawanshi)
- [Shivansh Soni](https://github.com/official-Shivansh)

Feel free to explore the project using the provided links and discover the world of recipes and culinary creativity!

Commit message:

Update information in readme file

README.md, after:

# Recipe Swap - warlike-current-5989

Recipe Swap is a community-based recipe sharing platform that allows users to share, discover, and discuss various recipes. Whether you're a cooking enthusiast or just looking for new culinary ideas, Recipe Swap provides a platform to connect and exchange recipes with others.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#Tech-stack)
- [Project Links](#Project-links)
- [Screenshot](#Screenshot)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Project Memebers](#Project-team)



## Features

- User Authentication with Forgot Password.
- Users can post, add, update, and delete their recipes.
- Users can comment on recipe posts, fostering a sense of community and sharing.
- Users can easily search for recipes based on their preferences.
- User can also able update the avatar.
- Admin has access to data visualization in chart format for insights.
- Admin can manage users and recipes, including adding, updating, and deleting data.

## Tech Stack

- Front-end:
  - Chakra UI for a visually appealing and responsive user interface.
  - React.js for building dynamic and interactive components.
- Back-end:
  - MongoDB for storing recipe and user data.
  - Express.js for handling server-side logic.
  - Node.js for server-side scripting and runtime environment.

## Project Links

# Front-end:

- **User Side:** [https://recipeswap.netlify.app](https://recipeswap.netlify.app/)
- **Admin Side:** [https://recipeswap.netlify.app/admin](https://recipeswap.netlify.app/admin)
- **Admin Login:** Email: admin@admin.com | Password: admin

# Back-end:

- **Server:** [https://recipeswap.onrender.com](https://recipeswap.onrender.com/)

## Screenshot
### User Side:
- Landing-Page: This is a landing page following a clean and user-friendly design. Here you can see some static information and dynanic randing for the recipe, you can search and also access the menu items. On the landing page if you click on any recipe you can access the extra information about that recipe(Only for authorized users)
![1](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/2b7f5a2c-18ed-4d0b-8e7d-281c8e99fb46)

![2](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/36e41b57-0ed6-4e18-8de8-fddec9f14cdb)

![3](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/0e67dab5-8848-4f78-9aba-e429908d4076)

![4](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/d58f7302-122d-4afb-9fae-f7798ef09b83)

![5](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/f90b7a9e-ab1a-49ee-bef8-f3a3752c4592)

![6](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/e2d6ba64-cc88-4f80-83cf-da01b6ff32fd)

![7](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/a3ddca74-8886-499b-a45d-b62a2d7190af)



### Admin Side:
![1](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/e2d7e2a1-112e-47e1-9542-846eedeb3e66)

![2](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/c738bfd6-0e2a-4255-b60b-d98aa6b4f453)

![3](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/99487bb6-2b76-4843-a008-d5ad083e69e4)

![4](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989/assets/58412185/a394055c-830b-485d-b0b9-b6ba8e702e44)




## Installation
To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004/warlike-current-5989.git
```

```bash
cd warlike-current-5989/Frontend
```

run command in terminal
```
npm install
```

run project
```
npm start
```


## Project Team

- [Manikant Kumar](https://github.com/Manikantkr-1004)
- [Mohammad Hasim Shaikh](https://github.com/Hasims2001)
- [Devesh Suryanwanshi](https://github.com/DeveshSuryawanshi)
- [Shivansh Soni](https://github.com/official-Shivansh)

Feel free to explore the project using the provided links and discover the world of recipes and culinary creativity!
